README.md, before:

# RCS - Random Character Selector
In preparation of a gaming session with a friend for the start of WoW Classic Hardcore servers, we once again stood before one of the hardest decisions to make:

__What characters do we choose?__

In order to help ourselves with this question, I coded the Random Character Selector - or RCS in short. I'm sure there are quite a few of those out there, but I also just wanted to use my current beginner Python skills =)

My aim is to help the uncreative, the non-decisive, the adventurous, and those who just want to try a new class/character in World of Warcraft but cannot decide which one. This program shall help you to create one or more random characters. If you have a couple of preferences - like if you definitely want to play Horde (Lok'tar ogar!) - there will be some filters that you can set. After all questions have been answered, you have your very own list of characters to choose from. Now go out there and enjoy the game!

This very first version only supports WoW Classic. All possible Class/Race combinations can be found online, e.g. on [WoWHead](https://www.wowhead.com/classic/guide/classic-wow-classes-and-talent-overview#class-race-combinations).

## How to start the script
The RCS can be started like every other python script. Simply download the _rcs.py_ file and start up your terminal. In your terminal, navigate to the folder where you saved the .py file and run the command `python rcs.py`. Of course, make sure to have python installed on your system ;) <br>
Alternatively: Look for an online python interpreter (e.g. [Programiz](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/online-compiler/)) and just copy the code from _rcs.py_ in there and run it.

Written and tested with Python 3.11.4.

## Support
If you need help with anything or if you find any bugs, feel free to reach out to me here on Github. I'll reply as soon as possible.<br>
Every feedback is valuable and I'll be grateful for every tip, idea and/or thought in order to improve my skills, so thank you in advance =)

## Current Version
The latest version is 0.3, deployed on Sep. 15th 2023. Please see the [patch notes](https://github.com/mdrecktrah/rcs/blob/a25b7587af6760847591e30b6412d6159c2b6dc0/patch-notes_RCS.md) for further information.

Commit message:

updated to patch-notes and README and adding/implementing 'random_sex()' function to script

README.md, after:

# RCS - Random Character Selector
In preparation of a gaming session with a friend for the start of WoW Classic Hardcore servers, we once again stood before one of the hardest decisions to make:

__What characters do we choose?__

In order to help ourselves with this question, I coded the Random Character Selector - or RCS in short. I'm sure there are quite a few of those out there, but I also just wanted to use my current beginner Python skills =)

My aim is to help the uncreative, the non-decisive, the adventurous, and those who just want to try a new class/character in World of Warcraft but cannot decide which one. This program shall help you to create one or more random characters. If you have a couple of preferences - like if you definitely want to play Horde (Lok'tar ogar!) - there will be some filters that you can set. After all questions have been answered, you have your very own list of characters to choose from. Now go out there and enjoy the game!

This very first version only supports WoW Classic. All possible Class/Race combinations can be found online, e.g. on [WoWHead](https://www.wowhead.com/classic/guide/classic-wow-classes-and-talent-overview#class-race-combinations).

If you need help finding a name for your brand new character, there are a couple of name generators out there. For a more personal approach (meaning: picking the name yourself) you can check this [World of Warcraft Name Guide by Races](https://gnomecore.wordpress.com/2019/11/18/world-of-warcraft-name-guide-by-races/) on the Gnomecore blog which I stumbled upon during my research.

## How to start the script
The RCS can be started like every other python script. Simply download the _rcs.py_ file and start up your terminal. In your terminal, navigate to the folder where you saved the .py file and run the command `python rcs.py`. Of course, make sure to have python installed on your system ;) <br>
Alternatively: Look for an online python interpreter (e.g. [Programiz](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/online-compiler/)) and just copy the code from _rcs.py_ in there and run it.

Written and tested with Python 3.11.4.

## Support
If you need help with anything or if you find any bugs, feel free to reach out to me here on Github. I'll reply as soon as possible.<br>
Every feedback is valuable and I'll be grateful for every tip, idea and/or thought in order to improve my skills, so thank you in advance =)

## Current Version
The latest version is 0.3, deployed on Sep. 15th 2023. Please see the [patch notes](https://github.com/mdrecktrah/rcs/blob/main/patch-notes_RCS.md) for further information.

## Disclaimer
The contents of this repository are free to use (check the LICENSE) and deployed with good intentions and as a fun little training project. The script has been tested by the author several times over. Still, use of this script is in your own responsibility and the author cannot be held liable for any damages that might occur while you are using this script - especially if you use a script which has been changed by yourself or a third person/party and is thus not in it's original state.

The author does not take responsibility for the contents of any external link given. These are only for further information if you wish to know more on the given topics. At the point of last deployment (s. 'Current Version'), these links worked, but this may change at any time.
